go/twofer: comments for disapprove (#1222)
exercism/website-copy: automated-comments/go/two-fer/sharewith_signature_changed.md

> The signature of the `ShareWith` function should be `ShareWith(name string) string`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix the signature of `the ShareWith` function. The expected the signature is `ShareWith(name string) string`.
```

We reallly want to push them not to change it. I know that MUST is incorrect as they can _change_ the tests, but I don't think SHOULD in this case is _actionable_ or has enough gravitas. We can be stern here.

Author: ```suggestion
Fix the signature of the `ShareWith` function. The expected signature is `ShareWith(name string) string`.
```

Exercism is built on the TDD (Test Driven Development) principle. 

> The tests already exist and define the outward facing interface as well as the behaviour of the code to be implemented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tests already exist and define the outward facing interface, as well as the behaviour of the code to be implemented.
```

> Changing the signature will break the tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changing the signature breaks the tests.
```
